A project description text file, assignment3_description.txt, that tells us what functionalities you've implemented, other interesting features or 
extra credit within the program, software it relies on that you didn't write, and issues you encountered if there are unresolved problems. This will 
also include documentation of which group member worked on which part of the assignment. While group coding is allowed, each member is responsible for 
individual parts -- this ensures all group members are participating and have mastery of the assignment.


Extract Words:
Hannah wrote part of the extract_words.py file. She wrote the code to generate the uniquewords.txt file and the wordfrequency.txt file.
Under the #unique words comment, the code takes the dictionary and finds values equal to 1 (meaning the words that show up once) writes it into the uniquewords.txt file.
Under the # frequencies of words comment, the code creates a counter for the frequencies of words and the number of words of that frequency.

Online Word Cloud:
Using the online word cloud generator, we uploaded the allwords.txt file and created the word cloud!
We used a color palette on coolors.co and also edited the three different fonts we used to Saira, PT Mono, and Alata.

a3_novelvisualization:
Randy (james) wrote this code which visualizes random unique words in the novel. This visualization included several choices. One choice was the font, which we chose
because it looked nice and was somewhat legible. For font size, we chose a size that kept the visualization readable but could also filled the screen with a 
reasonable amount of words. Lastly for color choice, we chose to use a color triad scheme with teal, pink, and yellow as our colors because the contrasting colors 
looked nice. We determined that a convineint way to choose these colors was to use the words length. We set threshold lengths of words so that each of the colors 
would show up roughly 1/3 of the time. Additionally, this code uses an arraylist (an array that can change size) which is convineint for displaying random, non-repeating 
words.

a3_wordfrequency: